c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\Bot Application1\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Connector.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\Bot Application1\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Connector.Utilities.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\Bot Application1\bin\Microsoft.Rest.ClientRuntime.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\Bot Application1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\Bot Application1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\Bot Application1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\Bot Application1\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\Bot Application1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\Bot Application1\bin\Microsoft.Rest.ClientRuntime.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\Bot Application1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\Bot Application1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\Bot Application1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\Bot Application1\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\Bot Application1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\Bot Application1\obj\Debug\Bot Application1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\Bot Application1\bin\MyAnimeListSharp.dll
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\Bot Application1\bin\Bot Application1.dll.config
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\Bot Application1\bin\Bot Application1.dll
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\Bot Application1\bin\Bot Application1.pdb
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\Bot Application1\obj\Debug\Bot Application1.dll
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\Bot Application1\obj\Debug\Bot Application1.pdb
